feat(pie-chip): DSW-2499 add the disabled state functionality (#1987)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/components/chip/code/code.md

</pie-chip>
```

## Events

> When the chip component is not dismissible, it does not use any custom event handlers. In order to add event listening to this component, you can treat it like a native HTML element in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the chip component is not dismissible, it does not emit any custom events. In order to add event listening to this component, you can treat it like a native HTML element in your application.
```

Author: cheeky one, I copied it from other references, should I update them too? :D

Author: updated them too ;p
